>> Richard Feldman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Kind of a general
question as far as succeed and user.
So because user is a record,
if I guess just in general in Elm or
Apple if I say user is that a function?
>> Richard Feldman: Yes that would
be a function from Int to String to
String to user.
>> Speaker 2: So the ordering of how
you defined each item in the record is
important and that's what's used for
each item in the pipeline.
>> Richard Feldman: Exactly right yeah.
So the order in which you defined these
corresponds to the argument order
of in the function.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: So
how do you stumble upon like this
is gonna be a nullable string.
You just have to know
your data really well?
>> Richard Feldman: Yeah, for sure.
So the question was,
how do you know that something is or
is not going to be nullable?
There's two possible approaches there.
One is to know your data really well.
So to have a schema from the backend and
be like,
okay, I know this one can be null or
it can not be null, for sure.
Another possibility is to be
pessimistic and to say you know what?
I don't really know if the person
who implemented this is gonna be
good about null or not, so
I'm just going to handle that.
I'm gonna make all of these nullable.
And then I'm going to decode them into,
usually if you're doing something like
that, you're gonna make
an intermediate data structure.
So I might call it like JSON user,
or something like that,
where everything's maybe.
And then, as a followup step,
after decoding into that intermediate
representation, I'd say, okay.
I'm gonna go through and resolve
all these maybes and be like, okay,
if this one's none,
how do I wanna handle that or nothing?
How do I wanna handle that if this one is?
How do I wanna handle that?
Some cases you may not be
able to handle it and so
maybe you have to fail
decoding in that case.
But, the point is it's also
possible to just be pessimistic and
assume that it always
potentially could be null and
figure out some reasonable default or
error to show.
Great questions.
Fun fact,
we actually took the former approach
where we were very strict about this.
And if decoding would ever fail when
we got data back from the server,
we would log it as an error.
And we actually ended up discovering bugs
in our Ruby code, where we thought that
we were not possibly sending null but
accidentally we were sometimes.
And because the decoder would fail then we
would get an error message about it oops,
go fix that
>> Richard Feldman: It's the only time
I've heard of frontend
discovering bugs in the backend.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Richard Feldman: Okay, so
to recap we talked about
decoding as a general concept.
So decodeString int 5.
That will result in either giving us back
Ok, in which case we have the number five,
or error in which case it'll explain why
the string that we gave didn't work out.
Those are examples of
the two variants in result.
So result has two type variables.
One is the error type and
the other is the Ok type and
two variants each of
which uses each of those.
We talked about pipeline decoding,
which is using the pipeline that we
learned from the previous section,
in the context of specifying sort of the
schema for how we expect our JSON to look.
And how we're going to
translate that schema,
translate that JSON into
our particular Elm type,
assuming everything actually lines up,
and it works out in practice.
And finally, we talked about optional and
nullable, which are ways to deal
with the possibility that we either
got null when we weren't expecting it.
Or we got a missing field
that we thought was there but
which we want to be resilient to.
We want for it to be okay for
that field to be missing.